---
name: kibana

templates:
  bin/ctl: bin/ctl
  bin/post-start: bin/post-start
  bin/ctl_utils.sh: bin/ctl_utils.sh
  config/kibana.yml: config/kibana.yml

packages:
- kibana

consumes:
- name: elasticsearch
  type: elasticsearch
  optional: true

properties:
  kibana.elasticsearch.protocol:
    description: "Protocl of elasticsearch master to send elasticsearch requests to (http or https)"
    default: "http"
  kibana.elasticsearch.prefer_bosh_link:
    description: "Use bosh link to connect elasticsearch in prioriy to kibana.elasticsearch.host/port"
    default: true
  kibana.elasticsearch.host:
    description: "IP address of elasticsearch master to send elasticsearch requests to"
    default: "127.0.0.1"
  kibana.elasticsearch.port:
    description: "Port of elasticsearch master to send elasticsearch requests to"
    default: "9200"
  kibana.elasticsearch.username:
    description: "The username of basic authentication on Elasticsearch"
  kibana.elasticsearch.password:
    description: "The password of basic authentication on Elasticsearch"
  kibana.elasticsearch.ssl.verificationMode:
    description: Controls the verification of certificates presented by Elasticsearch. Valid values are "none", "certificate", and "full". "full" performs hostname verification, and "certificate" does not.
  kibana.port:
    description: "Kibana is served by a back end server. This controls which port to use."
    default: 5601
  kibana.host:
    description: "This setting specifies the IP address of the back end server."
    default: "0.0.0.0"
  kibana.default_app_id:
    description: "The default application to load."
    default: "discover"
  kibana.request_timeout:
    description: "Time in milliseconds to wait for responses from the back end or elasticsearch.  This must be > 0"
    default: 300000
  kibana.shard_timeout:
    description: "Time in milliseconds for Elasticsearch to wait for responses from shards. Set to 0 to disable"
    default: 30000
  kibana.kibana_index:
    description: "Kibana uses an index in Elasticsearch to store saved searches, visualizations and dashboards"
    default: ".kibana"
  kibana.console_enabled:
    description: "Enable Kibana development console; should be set to `false` in a multi-tenant deployment."
    default: false
  kibana.memory_limit:
    description: "Configure the GC in nodejs to treat this number as the available memory for this process. The value is in the form of % of VM memory."
    default: 50
  kibana.config_options:
    description: "Additional options to append to kibana.yml (YAML format)."